Added a new admin menu with many advanced options.
Added a new inventory with feature to prevent item duplication.
Added a new multicharacter and spawn selector integrated with the Illenium appearance menu.
Added a new apartments interior
Added an advanced interface composed of a HUD, progress bar, show notify, and help notify (configurable by opening the menu with the command /hud ore pressing "U", and all icons are adjustable)
Added a new banking system.
Added a new advanced garage script.
Added a new advanced medic job with a new Pillbox map.
Added a new mechanic job with advanced features and new ls customs mapping.
All free-access jobs and licenses can be obtained from City Hall (except for certain licenses, which must be obtained from the Police Department
Added a health-saving system compatible with the QBCore framework (players will respawn with the last health percentage they had before disconnecting)
Added a new daily missions system with random rewards (cash, item, ... etc).
Added a new clothing pack optimized to the maximum possible to avoid FPS drops
Added a tattoo shop script (public until sold to a player)
Added a new report system (simple and easy to use)
Added a new cardealer menu script with a new MLO (public until sold to a player)
Added an anti-combat logging script to catch quitters
Added a new radio script
added a new meth script
Added a new billing system and linked it with the boss menu and jobs.
Changed the current loading screen to a better one.
Changed item images to better ones
Added a new female clothing pack optimized to the maximum possible to avoid FPS drops.
Added boombox and car music scripts.
Added a script for bag outfits, allowing players to equip and customize bag-related clothing options
Disabled the Ctrl + R action.
Adjusted weapon damage and recoil both inside and outside of vehicles.
Added new addon weapons for police and gangs.
Added Burger Shot job and MLO
Modified the revive command
Added racing/boosting system scripts.
added fishing script with a level progression system.
Disabled the seatbelt feature and the action dial for exiting vehicles in the event of an accident
Added a new weed script featuring a planting system.
